Timeouts disabled when debugger is attached (#28212)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/options.md

* <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Core.KestrelServerLimits>
* <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Server.Kestrel.Core.ListenOptions>
    
## Behavior with debugger attached

> Certain timeouts and rate limits aren't enforced when a debugger is attached to a Kestrel process. For more information, see [Behavior with debugger attached](../kestrel.md#behavior-with-debugger-attached).

Author: ```suggestion
Certain timeouts and rate limits aren't enforced when a debugger is attached to a Kestrel process. For more information, see [Behavior with debugger attached](xref:fundamentals/servers/kestrel#behavior-with-debugger-attached).
```
